Add remark about speacker notes to the docs (#507)
asciidoctor/asciidoctor-reveal.js: docs/modules/setup/pages/standalone-executable.adoc

TIP: Alternatively you can use `:revealjsdir: https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/reveal.js` to avoid having to setup reveal.js locally.
Just be aware that then if you have no access to internet then the presentation will not load properly.

> Also, when using the CDN, the speacker notes will be send as plain text - instead of HTML - due to security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, when using jsDelivr, speaker notes will be served as plain text - instead of HTML - for https://www.jsdelivr.com/documentation#id-be-advised-that-you-must-include-file-extension-in-the-values-for-example-main-index--this-will-not-work-main-indexjs--this-is-the-correct-way-restrictions[security reasons] and thus will not work.
```
